chore: add a bug report template (#1026)
aws-amplify/amplify-android: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: 'Bug'
assignees: ''

---

> This bug report uses [Markdown fomatting](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/). Please use [syntax highlighting](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/writing-on-github/creating-and-highlighting-code-blocks#fenced-code-blocks) for any code/logs.
> 
> Please include the following information:
> 
> 0. A **short description** of the problem
> 1. The version of Amplify Android you're using
> 2. What you're trying to accomplish
> 3. What you expected to happen
> 4. What you observed to happen, instead
> 5. Steps to reproduce the issue
> 6. The **code** you're using to call Amplify Android
> 7. Your `app/src/main/res/raw/amplifyconfiguration.json` (Please change any unique ids to `XXXX`.)
> 8. **[Logs](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-android/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#getting-more-output)** and screenshots of the observed behavior
> 
> While might also include the following, if applicable:
> 
> 1. The type of Android device you're using
> 2. Screenshots of the issue
> 3. Any relevant guides or documentation you're referencing
> 
> Please look through our existing issues to see if your issue is already described. You can [search through our issues here](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-android/search?q=%22your%20search%20query%20goes%20here%22).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please search the [existing issues](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-android/search?q=%22your%20search%20query%20goes%20here%22) first.  If your issue is not reported yet, create one with the following information:

1. A **short** description
2. The version of Amplify Android you're using
3. The **code** you're using to call Amplify Android
4. Any relevant [logs](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-android/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#getting-more-output)

The following may also be helpful, if applicable:

1. For API or DataStore issues, your `schema.graphql`
2. Device type and Android OS version
3. Any relevant guides or documentation you're referencing

Please use [syntax highlighting](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/writing-on-github/creating-and-highlighting-code-blocks#fenced-code-blocks) for any code/logs.

```
